Generic objects validation (#1455)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a validation that mapper's id and name are matching. Updated the format of mapper to include update_id too.
* Added a validation to ensure that image paths in the README files are valid.
* Fixed **find_type** function to correctly find test files, such as, test script and test playbook.

> * Added scheme validations to the new Generic Objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added scheme validations for the new Generic Object Types, Fields, and Modules.
```
